  “No, it's definitely the princes' carriage, I'm sure of it. No one else comes to this
town from the northern road.”
  “Has it been ten years already?”
  “I wonder what happened with Giselle; she didn't move back into town, right?”
  “Knowing her, she's probably moved to some huge castle town and won't ever be coming back.”
  “Do you think there's really a curse?”
  “Maybe she's cursed now, too...”
  “No way.”
  “Ya think?”
  “Couldn't be.”
  The chatter from outside your window would have been distracting enough, but the 
mention of the township's princes and ten years having passed set a nervous fire in your 
stomach and your pulse rushing. Not wanting to appear too overly anxious or interested, you 
take your time rising from your reading chair, straightening your clothes, and brushing them 
down. Now, more than any other time, would be best to look your best.

  The princes and their ten-year visits had come up at your place of work the other day.
The woman in charge of the distillery had come by and brought it up with your master, the
town glass blower, as she'd received the month's order of freshly sculpted and engraved
bottles. Horace, the glassmith, was a famously non-chatty man. Especially when it came to
customers, he preferred to complete a transaction and send the person on their way posthaste.
  The only time Horace was ever talkative was before the bellows. As you pressed seals
and various markings and embellishments into his cooling crafts, Horace would tell you tales
of his youth. A terribly loud and dangerous place to have a conversation, it seemed also that
before the gaping maw of a furnace was the one place your master felt the most comfortable
in sharing himself. It had truly shocked you, then, when at the distiller's mention of the
looming ten year mark, the gaffer had responded promptly.
  “It cannae be that time again! Weren't not a few years ago that the last young one was
carted off.”
  The distiller, too, had seemed taken aback by the glassblower's outburst.
  “No, I'm quite sure. It was ten years ago today, in fact. I recall clearly because Giselle
was so horribly taken with Sven, our new apprentice. She would wait for him out front of the
building every night.”
  “Ah, yes, and then was immediately all the more taken with that prince when they arrived.”
  The distiller giggled.
  “I didn't blame her. And neither did you, I'm sure.”
  Horace had laughed derisively, but from your worktable, you could easily see the man's
ears turn red.
  “Still, if it really be that time again...”
  “I'm afraid it is, my friend. It makes one look about the town with just a little bit more
care than one normally would...”
  “...Agreed.”
  Horace had trouble making eye contact with you for the remainder of that day.

  The whole prince situation had been on your mind for a few years, actually. Your father
had passed a number of years ago, and your mother not long after that. You had dated on and off,
and while you'd had some sweet, sentimental experiences, and a slate of fun intimate
times, nothing you'd yet experienced had really stuck. Even glass blowing wasn't a profession
you were deeply devoted to. You enjoy the small, meticulous detail work that Horace sets you
to every day, but you haven't a talent for the bulk of the work. After years of consideration,
you've resolved: If the princes choose you, you'll greet the opportunity with grace and appreciation.
  Now that the time has possibly arrived, however, your knees are weak, your hands are
trembling, the back of your neck is sweating, and your entire abdomen hurts. You slip out of
your house shoes and into your outdoor shoes, always poised ready beside the front door of
your parents' home. You take another moment to think of them. What would they say to comfort you?
  Your mom, she would smile at you with tears in her eyes and whisper, “You can do it,
honey!” Your dad would hold you in his gentle steady gaze before drawing you into a massive
hug. He'd ruffle your hair or pinch your nose and shove you out the front door without a word.
  You take a deep breath and step outside, joining the rest of the town on their front
stoops. The princes' carriage has just rolled to a delicate stop in the town square.
  The instant the wheels had settled, a mocha-skinned man swung out the carriage door
and alighted the roof.
  “Lovely people of Hilchester,” he began, his arms upraised for quiet. “My brother,
Prince Ragnar, and I wish you our warmest greetings. We apologize for keeping our distance,
however, there is a slight matter which keeps us away. No war or regional strife, thankfully,
but it is instead a bit of a personal failing, one with which we would hope to have outside
assistance.”
 The charm in his smile gleamed just as brightly as the gold medals which adorned his
sparkling white uniform.
 “We don't wish to upset the function of the town, nor would we wish to borrow someone
against their will, so in order to make this process flow smoothly, would everyone please
stand out front of your homes.”
 As people started shuffling about the square, returning to their homes, the prince continued.
 “The individual we're hoping to find has no current family to speak of and serves no
invaluable role within the town. I'll be coming around the town to speak with all such persons
shortly. To that end, I ask that everyone remain in front of your homes until our decision has
been made. Thank you!”
 With a flourish of his arms, the prince leapt from the carriage roof. He landed with the
athleticism of a skilled warrior, squatting completely to absorb the shock and standing calmly
only a moment later.
 As his dark eyes scanned each of the homes that faced the square, he made eye contact with you
for a mere second. You expected to feel some sort of thrill of fear or excitement, but instead,
was that a swell of confidence within you? Maybe the man's princely strength was contagious.
 The prince had turned back and was deep in discussion with one or more persons
within the carriage. After a few more minutes spent waiting, you were relieved to see the
prince stride off to begin visiting each of the houses in the circle. The prince starts his
visitations with the opposite half of the circle, so you've got plenty of time to examine your
fellow citizens and consider who else among you might fit the criteria.
 You're still deep in thought when a shriek from the house next door breaks your
reverie. The neighbor's twin girls have thrown themselves at the prince's legs, enveloping him
in a two-pronged hug. The prince, meanwhile, is patting the head of their elder brother and
looks to be sharing kind advice with the young man.
 You're incredibly calm now. Anyone who can withstand the Lodge kids has to be not
only capable but probably also some sort of wizard. You've always liked tales with magic in
them, so bring on the magic prince, you think.
  After another minute, the white-clad prince waves farewell to your neighbors and heads
in your direction. He makes steady eye contact, and you try your best not to let your nerves
overwhelm you again.
  “Your Highness,” you greet the prince with a slight bow of your head and shoulders.
  “Greetings! I am Prince Darshil Mewar de Ives, born of Decan, India. And you are?”
  You give your name and current occupation.
  Darshil glances discretely in your opened curtains.
  “You are alone? No parents or grandparents to care for?”
  “Not anymore.”
  “What about relationships, if you don't mind my prying. Is there anyone in the town with
whom you're planning a future?”
  You chuckle a bit at the prince's courteousness.
  “No, no one like that, Your Highness.”
  The prince leans back into his heels and seems to regard you for a moment. After a
thoughtful pause, the prince speaks again, offering the question you had been expecting.
  “Would you be interested, then, in accompanying my brother and I as a house guest in
our nearby castle?”
  You had expected to have to consider his proposal, to agonize even a little bit about
making a decision, but the words well up in your throat with a swiftness most unexpected.
  “If you'll have me, I would be honored.”
  Darshil's dark brown gaze lights up.
  “Truly? You're more than welcome to take some time to consider our offer...”
  You hesitate. He's handed you what is undoubtedly your last opportunity to stew over
the choice presented to you. You go searching for a reason to say: A job that you enjoy but
don't adore, a town full of people who you know and care about but can live apart from, the
house that your parents raised you in... That one gives you pause. You turn back and run your
eyes over the home's facade. You carry your parents' memories with you at all times, and the
building will still be here and in your possession even if you leave it.
  With another deep breath, you turn back to the prince.
  “I'm sure. Please allow me to serve you in any way I can.”
  Prince Darshil gives you a full-frontal view of his stunning grin. Its sheer perfection
throws you just enough that you nearly miss him spinning around to address the still-gathered
townspeople.
  “We have our volunteer!”
  There is an enthusiastic response from the citizens of Hilchester. You don't know if it's
in support of you or just a general fervor stirred up by the singularity of the princes' rare visit.
  You decide it doesn't much matter when you see Horace, the kindly old glass blower,
heading your way. When he reaches your stoop, he opens his hands and seems to attempt to
find the words. You know well his difficulties speaking in open public, so you simply offer him
a contented smile. Horace, too, relaxes into a smile. With tears forming in his eyes, he scoops
you into a strong and warm hug. You hug him back firmly, but there are no tears anywhere
near your eyes. You're ready and confidently pleased with your choice.
  After one final deep breath, you and your master break apart. He subtly wipes away
the tears which have escaped from his eyes. Horace offers you a reassuring nod, smile, and
pat on your shoulders.
  “Now, knowing that we will provide absolutely anything you could ever possibly need, is
there anything that you need to pack?” Darshil interjects kindly.

After considering, you –
    Decide nothing in your home is worth lugging to and possibly losing in a castle.
    Remember your favorite books and how lost you'll feel without them.
    Know you can't go anywhere without a particular keepsake from your parents.
    Think it might be silly, but resolve to take your collection of cookbooks.
    Ask for the princes' patience as you gather all of your clothes and belongings.
